Add documentation for `AssertSameRelationship` logical plan (#522)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/execution-plans/operator-summary.adoc

|

| xref::execution-plans/operators.adoc#query-plan-assert-same-node[AssertSameNode]

> | Used to ensure that no node property uniqueness constraints are violated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ensures that no node property uniqueness constraints are violated.
```

|
|
|

| xref::execution-plans/operators.adoc#query-plan-assert-same-relationship[AssertSameRelationship]

> | Used to ensure that no relationship property uniqueness constraints are violated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ensures that no relationship property uniqueness constraints are violated.
```
